# Gut_Microbes_2
Weizmannia coagulans BCF-01: a novel gastrogenic probiotic for Helicobacter pylori infection control


Abstract
The widespread prevalence of Helicobacter pylori infection, particularly in China, contributes to the development of gastrointestinal diseases. Antibiotics have limitations, including adverse reactions and increased antibiotic resistance. Therefore, identification of novel gastrogenic probiotics capable of surviving the acidic gastric environment and effectively combating H. pylori infection has potential in restoring gastric microbiota homeostasis. Five novel strains of human gastrogenic Weizmannia coagulans (BCF-01-05) were isolated from healthy gastric mucosa and characterized using 16S rDNA identification. Acid resistance, H. pylori inhibition, and adherence to gastric epithelial cells were evaluated in in-vitro experiments and the molecular mechanism explored in in-vivo experiments. Among the gastric-derived W. coagulans strains, BCF-01 exhibited the strongest adhesion and H. pylori inhibition, warranting further in-vivo safety evaluation. Through 16S rRNA sequencing of a mouse model, BCF-01 was determined to significantly restore H. pylori-associated gastric dysbiosis and increase the abundance of potential probiotic bacteria. Furthermore, BCF-01 enhanced mucosal tight junction protein expression and inhibited the TLR4-NFκB-pyroptosis signaling pathway in macrophages, as demonstrated by qRT-PCR and western blotting.These findings highlight the potential of BCF-01 in the prevention and control of H. pylori infection. Specifically, treatment with BCF-01 effectively restored gastric microecology and improved H. pylori-mediated mucosal barrier destruction while reducing inflammation through inhibition of the TLR4-NFκB-pyroptosis signaling pathway in macrophages. BCF-01 is a promising alternative to traditional triple therapy for H. pylori infections, offering minimal side effects with high suitability for high-risk individuals.

Keywords: Human gastrogenic probiotic; gastric microbiota homeostasis; helicobacter pylori infection; mucosal immunity; weizmannia coagulans BCF-01.

https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/38334087/
